CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    critical-hit.py

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    My program will be used for my hobby - I run a tabletop game with a group of friends
    every saturday. As part of the game experience, there are additional effects that
    occur on a critical hit. We have, in the past, used various methods (online rollers,
    crit cards, etc.) to add flavor to critical hits, but the different systems each have
    their own positives and negatives, they are all incompatible with each other, and they
    do not quite fit the requirements for our table. Inspired by these existing subsystems,
    I want to create a customized critical roller tailored to our game table. The critical
    effects, should be varied, generally become more powerful as the attacker more
    overcomes the defenders AC, include modifiers for using higher crit-multiplier weapons,
    include modifiers for when a crit is double-confirmed, have different tables depending
    on the critical source (ranged, melee, or magic), include inverse fumble effects,
    balance against crit-fishing, and include critical saves and fumble saves. If possible,
    other table lookups should also be added (wild magic, crafting perks / knacks / flaws
    / curses), though these would likely just be simple lookup values on existing tables.
    Optionally, I may add a method for it to calculate the crit damage if the user inputs
    their damage values.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will practice combining the use of libraries/dictionaries for the different effects
    and the input of user variables, along with a random number generator, to output
    different values. If possible, I will incorporate the program on a github repository,
    though I admit I have absolutely NO IDEA how to get a python program working on a 
    website (but I will do it if I can, using my limited knowledge of html, css, and js).

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    I will definitely use random. I may also use csv and create a csv list and use that
    to automatically generate a dictionary/ library, though since I'm writing the 
    dictionary anyway, I probably wont. I don't expect to use other modules, though that
    may change as I proceed. It is possible I may need the math module or the decimal module
    if I do incorporate damage values.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    Yes, most (if not all) of the program will be divided into separate functions that
    each take values passed to them. I also want my program to be able to run without
    any user input, passing default values if none are given, or only calling part of
    the program depending on which values are imputed.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
    Yes

